

title
author
release_date
genre
description
cover   (link)

--------------------------------
1
title			Homo Deus
author			Yuval Noah Harari
release_date		2017
genre			Non-Fiction
cover   (link)		"https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71FX96Ae-PL.jpg"

description		Sapiens showed us where we came from. Homo Deus shows us where we're going. War is obsolete. You are more likely to commit suicide than be killed in conflict. Famine is disappearing. You are at more risk of obesity than starvation. Death is just a technical problem. Equality is out - but immortality is in. What does our future hold? Yuval Noah Harari, author of the bestselling phenomenon Sapiens envisions a not-too-distant world in which we face a new set of challenges. Homo Deus explores the projects, dreams and nightmares that will shape the twenty-first century - from overcoming death to creating artificial life. It asks the fundamental questions: Where do we go from here? And how will we protect this fragile world from our own destructive powers? 'Homo Deus will shock you. It will entertain you. Above all, it will make you think in ways you had not thought before'. (Daniel Kahneman, author of Thinking Fast, and Slow).


--------------------------------
2
title			Sapiens
author			Yuval Noah Harari
release_date		2015
genre			Non-Fiction
cover    (link)		https://i.harperapps.com/covers/9780062316097/x298.jpg

description		Three important revolutions shaped the course of history: the Cognitive Revolution kick-started history about 70,000 years ago. The Agricultural Revolution sped it up about 12,000 years ago. The Scientific Revolution, which got under way only 500 years ago, may well end history and start something completely different. This book tells the story of how these three revolutions have affected humans and their fellow organisms.


--------------------------------
3
title			The Martian
author			Andy Wier
release_date		2011
genre			Science-Fiction
cover			https://static01.nyt.com/images/2014/02/05/books/05before-and-after-slide-T6H2/05before-and-after-slide-T6H2-superJumbo.jpg?quality=75&auto=webp&disable=upscale

description		Six days ago, astronaut Mark Watney became one of the first people to walk on Mars.

Now, he's sure he'll be the first person to die there.

After a dust storm nearly kills him and forces his crew to evacuate while thinking him dead, Mark finds himself stranded and completely alone with no way to even signal Earth that he’s alive – and even if he could get word out, his supplies would be gone long before a rescue could arrive.

Chances are, though, he won't have time to starve to death. Damaged machinery, the unforgiving environment, or plain old "human error" are much more likely to kill him first.

But Mark isn't ready to give up yet. Drawing on his ingenuity, his engineering skills and a relentless, dogged refusal to quit, he steadfastly confronts one seemingly insurmountable obstacle after the next. Will his resourcefulness be enough to overcome the impossible odds against him?